take a look into a vertical prison where
human greed of those above causes those
below to suffer and to turn into
cannibalistic animals an endless
nightmare trapped in the hole
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2019 sci-fi
mystery horror titled the platform
get ready for some spoilers take a seat
and enjoy
the video starts with a scene of a
gourmet dinner being skillfully cooked
and a voice-over explains that there are
three kinds of people those who are
above those who are below and those who
fall
boring wakes in a concrete jail cell and
is met by trimagassi an elderly man
trimagase informs him that they are on
level 48 and in the pit trimagassi
worries what they'll eat and when goring
asks him to explain trimagassi says
it'll be whatever the ones above leave
behind
boring glances through a rectangular
hole at the cell's bottom showing
countless similar cells beneath theirs
he sees the same thing when he looks
above
trauma gassy tells goring not to cry out
to those below them and adds that those
above will not react either a platform
holding food leftovers then descends
through the opening in the ceiling
trauma gassy starts to eat ferociously
boring refuses to eat horrified at the
prospect of having to eat food that
others have already consumed but he
discovers a perfectly undamaged apple
and tucks it into his pocket boring
notices that the chamber is becoming
hotter as the platform lowers trimagassi
claims that until goring returns the
apple he took the temperature in the
chamber will continue to increase until
they are boiled alive and that the
penalty for trying to retain any of the
food is being burnt or frozen to death
boring tosses back the apple and the
temperature returns to normal the two
then talk about how they ended up in the
pit boring admits he deliberately
participated in exchange for a diploma
trimagassi says one day he got enraged
because of the knife sharpener he bought
and he threw a tv outside the window
killing a random passenger
every participant of the pit can bring
one item with them
boring shows he brought a book and
trimagassi shows him he brought a knife
boring then tries to talk to others
below them to ration their food but
nobody listens
trimagassi on the other hand says
nothing and starts to piss all over them
the following day a corpse falls through
the hole but trimagassi seems
undisturbed
goring then believes that trauma gassy
cannibalized his former cellmate
the platform suddenly comes carrying a
battered and wounded asian lady called
meru while goring is worried about her
trimagassi assures him that mirou
descends the whole every month in
pursuit of her kid
trimagassi further reveals that mirror
murders her cellmate each month in order
to increase her chances of being paired
with her son during the following months
cell rotation
miyaru was assaulted by the inmates on
level 49 as the platform lowers but she
kills the two guys in self-defense and
returns to the platform
once meeru has left goring starts
reading don quixote to try magassi many
days later the two guys became friends
trimagassi tells goring that soon the
room will be filled with gas and they
will fall asleep
when they wake up they will be randomly
placed on another level
boring is tied and gagged in his bed as
he awakens
trimagase arrives revealing that the two
have been transferred to level 171
trimagassi explains that hunger can
drive a person crazy and that goring's
flesh is more desired since he is
younger
he tells him he will slowly cut him and
eat his flesh
later try megasy tosses the platform in
anger as it comes in their room with
nothing but empty dishes
he adds that after eight days he would
begin removing pieces of flesh off
goring carrying to the wounds each time
to prevent goring from bleeding to death
boring begs for his life but crazy old
man is determined to eat him alive
the old man claims how it is not his
fault but those above them trimagassi
takes a piece of goring but then all of
a sudden mirou arrives on the platform
she attacks trimagassi and releases
goring who ends the old man's life
voring falls asleep and awakens to see
mirror chopping into trimagassi's flesh
which she is using to feed herself and
goring
she then descends further
boring now has no other option but to
eat trimagassi in order to survive he
slowly descends into madness
he is awakened the following morning by
a dog and finds that he is on level 33.
the dog belongs to imahiri his new
cellmate imahiri claims she would never
have entered the pit without her dog but
goring scoffs and claims that taking a
dog into the pit was a bad idea since he
would surely die
the two have a chat and goring realizes
he met her earlier
she actually worked for an organization
that created this pit she admits she
entered the pit on her own will just
like goring
goring informs her that people die in
the pit on a daily basis to which
imahiri replies that it is really known
as a vertical self-management center
boring inquires as to the number of
levels to which she replies that there
are two hundred
goring claims that there is insufficient
food for 200 levels while imahiri claims
that if everyone ate just what they
required the food would reach the lowest
level
the platform is delivered to their cell
they eat and imahiri prepares plates for
those below them but when the platform
reaches them they start to eat
ferociously every day imahiri tries to
reason with people below them only to
have her please disregard it
one day meeru appears on the platform
badly wounded and barely awake
miroo speaks for the first time in the
film saying simply it's chilly goring
notices that the temperature in the room
is being reduced in order to freeze them
to death
imahiri's dog has saved a piece of flesh
the temperature returns to normal when
he battles the dog for the scrap
mihuru remains in their cell and goring
wakes in the middle of the night to a
violent fight between the two women
he breaks up the fight and learns that
mehru has murdered the dog
mihuru rides the platform down again the
following day
boring observes as mirou stabs the guys
in the cell below them while limahiri
remembers her conversation with miro
before
she claims mia root wanted to go in on
her own and that she has no children
the platform returns the following day
with goreng's favorite dish he tells
imahiri she should eat because they are
soon moving to another level
goring wakes up in cell 202 he finds out
that a mogiri hanged herself when she
found out there are more than 200 levels
in existence at level 202 without any
food he has no other option but to eat
the poor lady days go by and goring
loses the track of time spending his
time only with the rotting corpse that
serves him as food
goring learns that he is now in cell
number six and that his new cellmate is
a religious black guy called bharat
bharat informs a couple above them that
god came to him and told him to leave
the pit throws his rope up to them
hoping they will help him to escape and
a lady defecates on his face as he
starts ascending
bahrat drops his rope down and almost
falls into the hole himself but is
rescued by goring
despite the fact that the platform is
almost full with food when it comes at
their cell phone does not eat goring
convinces baharat to ride the platform
with him to convince the other prisoners
to ration their food
despite being mocked by the couple on
level five the two guys begin their
dissent the following day
one of the guys on level seven begs them
to let him eat since he was on level 114
the month before but goring seems
unconcerned about his situation
before trying to forcibly remove a
portion of food from the platform the
guy makes racial remarks at bahrain and
enraged bharat wax him to death
from then on the two fiercely guard the
food from angry pit inhabitants
one prisoner says they should protect a
fine dish of panacada and send it back
to level 0 to the boss as a powerful
message
when they reach level 51 the two
passionately protect the ponicata
ensuring that it stays undisturbed and
begin rationing food attacking inmates
who attempt to steal more than what they
are allowed the platform continues to
descend causing the guys to discover
there are more than 250 levels
when they hear miroos cries they realize
she is being attacked by two other
prisoners
bahrain and goring leap off the platform
and assault the guys aggressively
miyaru is tragically stabbed goring
momentarily mourns her death before
being taken away by bar rod as the
platform departs
the platform eventually comes to a halt
at level 333
boring then sees a young girl cowering
beneath the bed
they exit the platform but it continues
to descend before they can re-enter
boring orders bahrain who is still
holding the panacada to return it to the
platform but he refuses as the platform
moves away from them both guys notice
that the temperature in the room hasn't
altered at all
the girl slowly creeps out from beneath
the bed showing that she resembles
mirror despite their reservations they
give her the panna cotta before passing
out
goring has wild nightmares he sees
everyone he shared his cells with
then he is awakened by bhararat who
informs him that the girl is the message
he realizes he is hallucinating and that
bahrat died protecting the food
he wakes up myra's daughter and takes
her to the platform when it comes
finally they reach the bottom of the pit
but there is nothing there at the very
bottom he has a vision of the guy from
the first platform he was in
he realizes the little girl is the
message and she should go up to level 0
alone
he watches her go as platform rapidly
carries her up to the very top
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later